README.md, before:

// # 2012n15-lab-salmonCookies
# cookie-stand

List of references:
Color Palette:
    https://www.canva.com/colors/color-meanings/salmon/
    #A83832 #C35047 #DE685C #FA8072 #00BDDA #00A4C1 #008BA9 (l-r, more pink > salmon > more blue)

September 04, 2019
- Repository initialized. Decided on color palette and created wireframe. ACP'ing current state.

Wow, I've done a really good job of keeping my README updated, haven't I?

September 14, 2019
- Lab 06 Submitted
- Lab 07 Submitted
- Lab 08 Submitted
- Lab 09b In progress, let's style the page up a bit better
- Lab 10b Next


- mocked up wireframe with sizes in pixels
- kept same selected colors, added gray (maybe?), changed use of the colors
- new design for index (currently only used in NEWindex.html)
- rotated salmon.png
- want to (not sure if I plan to) have salmon.png only display when screen size is more than 960px wide, else display will be width of .indexFeed and .iconBar and will drop salmon.png (ie media device displays)
- new index design in ~80% completed.

.
.

Commit message:

major reorg, dropped NEWindex, added appSales, moved sales js to appSales

README.md, after:

// # 2012n15-lab-salmonCookies
# cookie-stand

List of references:
Color Palette:
    https://www.canva.com/colors/color-meanings/salmon/
    #A83832 #C35047 #DE685C #FA8072 #00BDDA #00A4C1 #008BA9 (l-r, more pink > salmon > more blue)

September 04, 2019
- Repository initialized. Decided on color palette and created wireframe. ACP'ing current state.

Wow, I've done a really good job of keeping my README updated, haven't I?

September 14, 2019
- Lab 06 Submitted
- Lab 07 Submitted
- Lab 08 Submitted
- Lab 09b In progress, let's style the page up a bit better
- Lab 10b Next


- mocked up wireframe with sizes in pixels
- kept same selected colors, added gray (maybe?), changed use of the colors
- new design for index (currently only used in NEWindex.html)
- rotated salmon.png
- want to (not sure if I plan to) have salmon.png only display when screen size is more than 960px wide, else display will be width of .indexFeed and .iconBar and will drop salmon.png (ie media device displays)
- new index design in ~80% completed.

- Decided to keep all JS for the sales page in appSales.js to keep it isolated. This keeps app.js clean for use in other pages. Also, since that functionality is 'reserved' for employee access, this would reduce security concerns in a real-world application.
- added appSales.js to sales.html
- removed NEWindex.html as the design is final and functional, copied all into index.html

.
.
